Updated theme & extended documentation (#7)
engelsystem/engelsystem-doc: content/developer/request-lifecycle.md

---
title: "Request Lifecycle"
date: 2024-04-08T22:20:00+02:00
---

> Our goal with this overview is to give you a basic understanding how the Engelsystem handles a request

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The goal of this overview is to give you a basic understanding of how the Engelsystem handles a request
and provide a way to troubleshoot problems if they occur.
```
